README.md, before:

# Netflix GPT

- Create React App
- Configured TailwindCSS
- Header
- Routing of App
- Login Form
- Sign Up Form
- Form Validation
- useRef Hook
- Firebase Setup
- Deploying our app to production
- Create Sign Up user account
- Implement Sign In User Api
- Created Redux Store with userSlice
- Update Profile
- Bug Fix of redirectingdirctly through URL
- Unsuscribe to the onAuthStateChange callback
- Added hardcoaded values to the constants file
- Register for TMDB website and create an app and get access token
- Get Data from TMDB now playing movies list API.
- Created the custom Hook for the now playing movies.
- Update Store with Movies Data
- Planning for Main Container & secondary conatiner
- Fetch data for Trailer videos
- Update store with Trailer Video Data
- Embedded the YouTube video and make it autoplay and mute
- Tailwind Classes to make Main Container look Awesome
- GPT Search Feature

# Features

- Login
  - Sign In
  - Sign In

  - Sign In/ Sign Up form
  - redirect to Browse Page

- Browse (after Authentication)
  - Header
  - Main Movie
    - Trailer in Background
    - Title & Description
    - Movie Suggestions
      - MovieLists

- NetflixGPT
  - Search bar
  - Movie Suggestions

Commit message:

build the Gpt Searchbar feature completely

README.md, after:

# Netflix GPT

- Create React App
- Configured TailwindCSS
- Header
- Routing of App
- Login Form
- Sign Up Form
- Form Validation
- useRef Hook
- Firebase Setup
- Deploying our app to production
- Create Sign Up user account
- Implement Sign In User Api
- Created Redux Store with userSlice
- Update Profile
- Bug Fix of redirectingdirctly through URL
- Unsuscribe to the onAuthStateChange callback
- Added hardcoaded values to the constants file
- Register for TMDB website and create an app and get access token
- Get Data from TMDB now playing movies list API.
- Created the custom Hook for the now playing movies.
- Update Store with Movies Data
- Planning for Main Container & secondary conatiner
- Fetch data for Trailer videos
- Update store with Trailer Video Data
- Embedded the YouTube video and make it autoplay and mute
- Tailwind Classes to make Main Container look Awesome
- GPT Search Feature
- GPT Search Page
- GPT Search Bar
- ⭐ Multi-Language Feature In the app
- Integrate the GPT APIs

# Features

- Login
  - Sign In
  - Sign In

  - Sign In/ Sign Up form
  - redirect to Browse Page

- Browse (after Authentication)
  - Header
  - Main Movie
    - Trailer in Background
    - Title & Description
    - Movie Suggestions
      - MovieLists

- NetflixGPT
  - Search bar
  - Movie Suggestions
